Let's say we have a portfolio.
That means we've calculated a holdings vector.
So we have a vector that tells us how much money we want to invest in each asset.
The holdings vector is an n-dimensional vector with one value for each company.
If we take the dot product of the holdings vector and each factor exposure vector,
we have what we call the exposure of the portfolio to each factor.
If we put these values in a vector,
we have what we call the exposure vector of the portfolio.
Each of these values represents the portfolio's exposure to a single factor.
We can write what we just did in the following way as
the transpose of the factor exposure matrix times the holdings vector.
Now, we have the exposures of the portfolio to each factor.
That is to say, the exposure vector.